[charts] Add `baseline` property to the `LineChart` `series` (#14153)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/charts/lines/lines.md

{{"demo": "InterpolationDemoNoSnap.js", "hideToolbar": true}}

### Baseline

The area chart draws a `baseline` on the Y axis `0`.
This is useful as a base value, but customized visualizations may require a different baseline.

To change it, simply provide the wanted `baseline` number of a series.

> Different series can have different `baselines`.

Reviewer: It's already not recommended to have multiple areas on a charts (except if staking them) let's not encourage use to have multiple areas with different baselines 😅
```suggestion
```

{{"demo": "InterpolationDemoNoSnap.js", "hideToolbar": true}}

### Baseline

The area chart draws a `baseline` on the Y axis `0`.
This is useful as a base value, but customized visualizations may require a different baseline.

> To change it, simply provide the wanted `baseline` number of a series.
> It is also possible to provide `min` or `max` for the baseline to automatically follow the minimum or maximum value of the series.

Reviewer: To encorage using min/max instead of dealing with putting a large value and using `axis.max`

```suggestion
To get the area filling the space above or below the line, set `baseline` to `"min"` or `"max"`.
It is also possible to provide a value to fix the baseline at the desired position.
```

:::info
Keep in mind the baseline only affects the area visuals. If you want to change the axis minimum or maximum values, you should use the `min/max` property of the axis.

> :::

Reviewer: Not exactly if the baseline means we will ignore `0` for extremum computation

Author: I don't get what you mean here 🤔

Reviewer: Sorry, I forgot a part of the sentence

If the baseline is defined with min/max, the 0 will be ignored for axis extremums

Author: Ah, this is an effect of your change, I didn't intend it at first. We can keep to the other discussion and I will update it with the outcomes
